README.md, before:

# DDG Predictor

![image](https://github.com/ShiweiWu-545/TGTPO/blob/main/data/overview.jpg)

This repository contains the deep learning model introduced in the paper "Learning protein affinity codes with dynamic residues selection and multidimensional feature interactions using graph transformer". It predicts changes in binding energy upon mutation (ddG) for protein-protein complexes.

## Installation

The model is tested with `Python 3.8`, `PyTorch 1.10`, `cudatoolkit 11.3`, and `Biopython 1.79`. The dependencies can be set up using the following commands:

```bash
conda create --name ddg-predict python=3.8 -y
conda activate ddg-predict
conda install pytorch=1.10.2 cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -y
conda install biopython=1.79 easydict -c conda-forge -y
```

Next, clone this repository by:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/HeliXonProtein/binding-ddg-predictor.git
cd binding-ddg-predictor
```

## Usage

The model requires two input PDB files: (1) a wild-type complex structure, and (2) a mutated complex structure. The mutated structures are typically built by protein design packages such as Rosetta. Note that both structures must have the same length. The ddG can be predicted for the two structures by running the command:

```bash
python ./scripts/predict.py <path-to-wild-type-pdb> <path-to-mutant-pdb>
```

A quick example can be obtained by running:

```
python ./scripts/predict.py ./data/example_wt.pdb ./data/example_mut.pdb
```

## Citation

Coming soon...

## Contact

Please contact luost[at]helixon.com for any questions related to the source code.

Commit message:

The experimental data are supplemented.

README.md, after:

# TGTPO

![image](https://github.com/ShiweiWu-545/TGTPO/blob/main/data/overview.jpg)

This repository contains the deep learning model introduced in the paper "Learning protein affinity codes with dynamic residues selection and multidimensional feature interactions using graph transformer". It predicts changes in binding energy upon mutation (DDG) for protein-protein complexes.

## Installation

The model was tested on Linux using  `Python 3.8`, `PyTorch 2.1.2` ,`easydict 1.13` ,`numpy 1.26.4` ,`pandas 2.2.2`, and `Biopython 1.7.0`. The dependencies can be set up using the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/HeliXonProtein/binding-ddg-predictor.git
cd TGTPO

conda create --name TGTPO python=3.8
conda activate TGTPO
pip install -r requirements.txt -i https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple
```

## Usage

The model requires two input PDB files: (1) a wild-type complex structure, and (2) a mutated complex structure. The mutated structures are typically built by protein design packages such as Rosetta. Note that both structures must have the same length. The ddG can be predicted for the two structures by running the command:

该模型需要三个输入文件：(1) 野生型复合物结构，(2) 突变的复合物结构。变异结构通常由蛋白质设计软件包（如 Rosetta）构建，。请注意，两个结构的长度必须相同。运行以下命令可以预测这两种结构的 DDG：

```bash
python ./run/run_model.py
```

## Citation

Coming soon...

## Contact

Please contact wushiwei@hrbeu.edu.cn for any questions related to the source code.
